RUBY-3010 Allow unlimited connection pool (#2538)
mongodb/mongo-ruby-driver: docs/reference/create-client.txt

   * - ``:max_pool_size``
     - The maximum size of the connection pool for each server.

>        Setting this option to zero sets no limit for a maximum size of the connection pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Setting this option to zero removes the max size limit from the connection pool, permitting it to grow to any number of connections.
```
